Diagram the Location of a Command (#3170)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/dxDiagramCustomCommand/location.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies a location for the command or separator on the main toolbar.

---
[note]

> This property does not allow you to set the command's or separator's location in the context menu, history and view toolbars.

Reviewer: Is "history" also a toolbar? If so, then "history and view toolbars" should be "and history and view toolbars".
Also, I'd like to change "command's or separator's location" to "location of the command or separator".

```suggestion
This property does not allow you to set the location of the command or separator in the context menu, and history and view toolbars.
```
